.
- OK. I'm headed out.
- With all you've been working,
I can't believe you're
picking up extra shifts.
- Oh,
they need Spanish speakers.
Plus, it's important.
- I know, I know.
I'm actually right behind you.
I got to pick up Mack
from hockey.
- You know, I think her skates
are getting tight again.
- I keep telling her
to stop growing.
Bag?
- Yeah.
I've been, uh,
trying to pick up
extra carpool and stuff
since you've been back at work.
- Oh, stop, stop, stop.
We're in this together.
Rising boats, all that.
Where the hell are my keys?
Thanks.
- Rising tides.
- What?
- Rising tides, that's what--
never mind.
Um, yeah,
Mack can have this
for lunch tomorrow.
I think she left her lunch box
at school.
- Oh, you know what?
I found my old one
in the basement.
- What is it?
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers?
- Yeah, it's cool, like me.
- It's vintage, like you.
Oh, her permission slip.
She lost the few ones.
It's due tomorrow, so--
- OK.
Third time's a charm.
What else you got for me?
- At some point,
we got kind of good at this.
- Indeed we did.
- See you tomorrow morning.
- Yes ma'am. Be safe.
[door clicks close]
[indistinct chatter]
[ominous music]
* *
- [conversing in Spanish]
- [laughing]
- [Spanish continues]
- Hola.
- Burgess, 21st District.
Trudy Platt still drinking
rookies' tears down there?
- Good to the last drop.
- Appreciate you putting in for
this detail.
These illegals--what a mess.
City's going to hell.
- You might be thinking
of Venezuela.
- What are you,
the woke police, too?
Danny.
- Yes, sir?
- There's three of you
on this detail tonight.
Winlock,
on loan from the Marine unit,
Burgess, intelligence.
- Hey.
- Danny Alvarado is one of ours
here at the 13th.
- Yeah,
for better or for worse.
Hi.
- Hi.
- I'll show you the drill.
Between 10:00 p.m.
and 6:00 a.m.,
it's just women and children
in the lobby.
Men, got to stay out here.
Over here is numb nut alley.
You got your weed dealers,
your gang recruiters,
a couple of vatos
who will sell you a green card
if you got the cash.
You're just here
to keep the peace.
There's no yelling,
no fighting.
They use drugs or alcohol
on our property, they're gone.
Relieve themselves
in our lovely shrubbery, gone.
Most of this job tonight
is what you don't do.
If somebody's cold?
Not your job.
Porta-potties stink?
Immigration stuff?
Definitely not your job.
That's it.
Welcome to Chicago,
a sanctuary city.
Winlock, you're with me.
- OK.
- Vast majority of
these people are decent.
They're law abiding.
They've just been
through hell--
Venezuela, I mean,
they're running out of food.
And I can tell you, he gets
more charming over time.
But there isn't enough time
left on this Earth.
- [chuckles]
- You know?
- Noted.
[speaks Spanish]
- OK.
- Buenos dias.
[thuds]
Whoa.
[speaks Spanish]
- Hey, you know what?
Let's--let's try this, guys.
Here you go.
[speaks Spanish]
I can take that.
- Oh.
[speaks Spanish]
- Sí.
Gracias, señor.
- Hey, I'm gonna--
I'm gonna 10-100.
- Yeah, I got it.
[ominous music]
* *
Gun!
Get down!
- 1300, 10-1, 10-1,
shots fired at the police,
civilians, and the station.
2600 Bishop,
we're taking fire.
- 50-21-80 in pursuit of
a black Ford Explorer,
Illinois plates,
Zebra, 126, Tom 50,
turning eastbound on Bishop.
Get me cars to this area now!
- Copy, 50-21-80.
Black Ford Explorer.
Back up en route.
- I need ambulance to the 13th.
Is he hit?
- No, he fell. He's OK.
- Who's hit? Who's hit?
- I don't know.
- [speaks Spanish]
Are you OK?
[speaks Spanish]
- No, no.
- It's OK, [speaks Spanish]
[speaking Spanish]
Move out of the way,
out of the way, out of the way.
Out of the way.
* *
[woman sobbing
and speaking Spanish]
* *
- She's gone.
[woman sobbing]
[speaking Spanish]
* *
.
- [speaking Spanish]
- [speaks Spanish]
- Gabriela.
- Gabriela,
[speaking Spanish]
- Baez.
Gabriela Baez.
- How did you know Raquel?
[speaks Spanish]
- We came here together.
We were going to live together
when all--
when all this was over.
- You were outside
when it happened?
- Yes.
- OK.
Did you maybe
see the shooter's face,
hear him say anything?
Maybe you saw somebody else
inside the car.
- I was only trying to live.
- I can't get anyone
to talk to me either.
- Where these people came from,
the police
are not their friends.
- No. Voight's here.
- OK, yeah, uh-huh.
- Deceased is Raquel Bolivar,
24.
She was carrying
her Venezuelan ID.
She caught three bullets.
One cut her femoral,
she died on scene.
Three others were wounded.
- Med says they're
probably gonna make it.
- Shooter's vehicle?
- Stolen last night
in Tinley Park.
Kev's on his way there now
to see if any cameras
caught the theft.
- Everybody is looking for it;
Sheriff's, ISP, the whole crew.
- Victims all
Venezuelan nationals?
- A lot of people in this town
are unhappy about this,
this whole situation.
- This feels like a hate crime.
- Yeah, there's gonna be
a lot of eyes on this.
Well, let's work it fast
and clean.
- Sergeant Voight,
uh, Danny Alvarado.
I was on the overnight
with Officer Burgess.
- Yeah?
- Uh...
Look, this is my
assigned district, sir.
And this thing, it's--
it's hit me pretty hard.
I'm just--I'm wondering if
I could join your team on it.
My sergeant's
already signed off,
and it would mean the world
to me.
- Yeah, well,
Burgess will be running point,
take her wing.
- Thank you, sir.
I'll do you right.
- Let's go, Danny.
- OK. What's the story?
- Well, the story is,
we struck out, Sarge.
The only camera we had was
on a doorbell down the block.
So we never caught the
actual theft of the SUV.
- Ballistics ran the groove
pattern from a slug recovered
in one of the victims,
and it's a match
to a weapon
from a gas station robbery
two years ago.
- And the robbery
hooks in with this?
- Uh-huh.
CPD had a person of interest.
Can somebody grab that picture?
- Gotcha.
- Thanks.
Um, CPD had
a person of interest,
but they couldn't get
the charges to stick.
They didn't have
enough evidence.
This is our guy.
Here, James Pleasant,
pride of Rogers Park.
Guy's a real peach.
These are his socials here.
"Mass deportation of vermin."
- Wow.
"You're not welcome
if you're not white."
- "What's the correct way
to stare at a Venezuelan?
Down the barrel of a gun."
- Well, just one problem.
- It's not against the law
to be a jackass.
- We got no reason
to kick this guy's door.
- Mm.
- What do you have, Danny?
- Uh, I mean, maybe it's weak,
but this guy, Pleasant,
lives with his sister.
She's got an outstanding
serviceable warrant
for shoplifting.
- Sounds like
an invitation to me.
[dramatic music]
- Front door secure.
- Copy.
Chicago PD, open up.
- What do you want?
- Brenda Pleasant, we have
a warrant for her arrest.
- She ain't here.
- Just open the door, man,
or we're gonna open it for you,
and your day does not improve.
[door clicks]
- I'm telling you,
my sister ain't here.
- We can't take your word
for that.
- OK. See for yourself.
What the hell are
they doing back there?
- Oh, no, don't worry
about them, brother.
Worry about us.
- Where is she?
Where's your sister?
- My sister is a middle-aged
woman who sometimes walks out
of CVS with a new curling iron.
Wasn't my turn
to keep tabs on her.
- What's this?
- Hey, man, that's legal.
- About up to 30 grams, right?
- Oh.
This is over.
Got an eye for it.
- Pretty good at it, too.
It's like one of those
Stupid Human Tricks.
- What is this?
You can't come in here
looking for my sister
and then search my house.
- It was in plain view.
- Where were you
this morning, James?
- I thought this
was about weed?
- Where were you
this morning, James?
- At my cabin, bitch.
- Uh-uh.
Call her bitch again--
- Let's go.
Did you see anyone
when you were at your cabin?
Can anyone vouch for you?
- Sure,
two deer and a wild turkey.
- Yeah, that's what I thought
because the evidence
is irrefutable, James.
The gun used to kill
Raquel Bolivar this morning,
same gun used
in the gas station robbery.
- I pawned that gun years ago.
- You got a receipt for that?
- You got a receipt for the tux
you rented for prom?
That many years ago.
Love how you think
there's only one guy in town
who hates these people
enough to do this.
Sure, I'm guilty--
guilty of defending our nation
from these parasites.
[knocking on door]
[door clicks]
- Tollbooth cameras caught
Pleasant going
to and from his cabin.
He also used a credit card
in New Troy
20 minutes before the shooting.
So his alibi's good.
- Thanks.
- Sorry.
- Told you I didn't do it.
Wish I did.
Those people deserve
what they got.
[dark music]
Your people.
- Say it again.
Say it again.
- Danny--
- Say it again.
Say "you people" again, say it.
- Danny, listen to me.
- Say it.
- Danny!
- [laughs]
- Say it. Say it.
- Listen to me!
- Hey, get him out of here.
- Out!
Jesus, out.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
[door slams]
- What the hell?
- I'm not--
I'm not normally like that, OK?
I'm never in the box like that.
I just wasn't
expecting him to--
you know?
Look, it's just this--
this whole goddamn thing, OK?
And I am--I'm sorry.
* *
- OK.
I know. I get it.
What we saw is ugly,
and the world feels
real ugly after that.
I wanted it
to be that guy, too.
It is not.
Now we go find who it is.
That's it.
- Yeah, OK.
[sighs]
Yeah, yeah.
.
- You been home?
- No.
- Did you sleep?
- Uh, a few hours ago,
patrol found the SUV
used in the shooting abandoned
in the Dan Ryan Woods,
fully engulfed in flames.
- So no DNA?
- No.
It was torched by the time
they could get trucks in there.
But our subpoena with
the vehicle's LoJack data
came through.
An hour before the shooting,
the SUV was at a documented
open air drug market
in Riverdale.
- It's thin.
- It's where we are.
- All right,
so go shake the trees.
Take Alvarado with you.
He hanging in?
- Yeah, he's doing fine.
[door shuts]
[tense music]
- Yo, we got to skate.
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
Bad idea, gentlemen.
- Whose car is this?
- Never seen it.
- That's not the answer
that I'm looking for.
Oh, look at this,
Danny, plain view.
- That ain't ours.
We ain't into that stuff.
- No?
See, we sent some of my guys
to buy dope for me last night.
Yeah, this is it.
This is our bill.
It's a Hamilton,
should be a Lincoln.
- I don't think that's right.
- Yo, man.
Lincoln's on the five.
This chick's crazy.
- We just met, really.
- So we're getting arrested?
- Depends.
This car was here
night before last.
I know that, so do you.
Who was driving it?
- Do you know the guy or not?
* *
- You, look at me.
Give me a name right now.
* *
Aaron Marshall, 28.
We have every reason to believe
this guy's our shooter.
- He's got a sheet,
but it's all low level stuff.
- These dealers,
they recognized Marshall.
He's a regular.
So when he pulls up in an SUV
right before the shooting,
they know it's not
his usual ride.
They said he bought some dope,
and he was amped.
- All right,
so scoop his ass up.
- Thing is, Sergeant,
Kim and I already checked
his LKA on the way back.
- He cleared out the apartment,
moved out a few weeks ago,
no forwarding.
- Landlord says he's like
a couch-surfer type,
like he's a nomad.
It just--it feels like
a brick wall.
- I got Marshall's finsta,
just sent over the link.
- Uh, I got a post
on January 2nd.
You see this?
- Maserati.
- There can be only so many
Maseratis busted up
around here in January.
- There's exactly one.
I'm sending you
the police report.
2017 Maserati Levante
towed to Wood Dale Salvage
on Green Street.
- It's gotta be
where Marshall works.
- Good, do it.
Move.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
- Oh, sorry.
- How long you been a cop?
- Oh, God, since I was born.
- How's that work?
- Dad's a cop.
- OK.
- You know any cop families?
- I know one, yeah.
Let's go.
- Aaron's somewhere on
the east side of the yard.
Is he in some kind of trouble?
- How many ways
you got out of here, man?
- Two.
The back door is on the
south end on Carter,
locked from the inside.
- All right.
I'm gonna post up there.
- How many workers
you got today?
- Five.
Me, Aaron, three more.
- We gotta get the others
out of here safely
without making a lot of noise.
- Yeah,
we're spread pretty thin.
- All right.
Walk out that way
through the front.
Don't come back
until we tell you.
Let's go.
- Be sure to get out.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right,
we fan out, we clear the place.
If you find one of the workers,
you bring him out safe,
come back, do it again.
No radio traffic
until we find Marshall.
- Copy that.
- Let's do it.
[tense music]
* *
- OK going left?
[metal clattering]
* *
- [quietly]
Hey. Hey, sir.
You all good. Chicago PD.
I just need you
to get out the yard, OK?
There you go.
Hurry up, hurry up.
* *
- I got eyes on Marshall.
Northeast corner,
near Elizabeth Court.
[clattering]
Chicago PD, stop!
He's running, headed north.
[gunshots]
- 10-1, 10-1, shots fired,
Wood Dale Salvage,
800 block of Green.
- I'm not hit,
but I lost eyes.
- I got to be right
on top of him.
* *
Marshall, stop!
[suspenseful music]
* *
Drop your weapon, Marshall!
Get on the ground!
- No, no, no, no, no way, no.
- Marshall, get on the ground!
Do not wave that weapon.
- No, this is--
- Marshall, focus on me.
Marshall!
Marshall, I will shoot you.
Drop your weapon!
- On your six.
- Yeah.
Marshall--
- [coughs]
- I need you to drop it, OK?
- Thank God.
- 1313 King, shots fired by
the police, offender down.
Wood Dale Salvage,
we need an ambo on 20.
- What was that?
What was that?
- What was what?
I just saved your life.
You're welcome.
- Danny, I had him.
He was done.
- Burgess,
the guy took shots at us.
He refused to put his gun down.
He was waving it at you.
- Are you all right?
- Yeah, we're good. We're good.
Just make sure
the squads find us, OK?
- All right.
- Danny, do you know that guy?
It felt like maybe
he knew you or--
- The hell are you
talking about?
No.
* *
.
[vehicle beeping]
- Hey.
You gave your statement to IRT?
OK, case is clear and closed.
Let's crack off
the closing supps,
make sure the paper's tight.
- Something's not right.
* *
I had Marshall.
Yes, he still had a gun
in his hand.
He wasn't obeying my commands,
but he wasn't gonna hurt me.
You know that feeling, right?
He was done.
- OK. And then?
- And then--
and then Alvarado shows up,
and everything changes.
Marshall's whole
body language changes.
And Alvarado denied it,
but it felt--
it felt like
they knew each other.
If I didn't know any better,
I would say
Alvarado was looking for
a reason to take Marshall out.
Now, if Alvarado knew
the shooter at the 13th--
- Kim, stop talking.
- [exhales]
- You understand
you cannot be wrong about this?
All right, dig in at 21,
just you and Adam.
- Yeah.
* *
- Well, what do you got?
- Alvarado lied to me.
He and Marshall,
they knew each other.
At the very least,
they crossed paths.
So two years ago,
Alvarado busted Marshall,
some trap house on Edison.
Here.
Here's the 13th arrest book.
Here's Alvarado.
Here's Marshall,
6 grams of heroin,
and then nothing, no record of
Marshall ever hitting lockup.
- No 99 confidential?
- No, no, no.
Marshall just walked out
the back door.
- I looked into complaints
at the 13th.
Alvarado, he's pretty clean.
He did catch one beef
a few months back.
- Good. Anything to it?
- There's no way of knowing.
The complaint was retracted,
so the narrative was sealed.
- Huh, so the only way
we're gonna see it
is with a court order,
which takes a lot of time,
makes a lot of noise.
- All right, now all we got
is the complainant's name,
Gabriela Baez.
- Hm.
- You know it?
- Gabriela Baez.
She's a Venezuelan,
a migrant at the 13th.
Gabriela was friends with
our victim, Raquel Bolivar.
- OK, so find out
why this Gabriela
lodged a complaint
against Alvarado.
Let's go.
- Where is everybody?
What happened?
- Bus pulled up last night,
took a bunch of them
to shelters.
- Where?
- Beats me.
There's, like, 60 shelters now
for these people.
All I know is, I'm damn happy
to have my lobby back.
- I need to find
a Gabriela Baez.
- Who?
- Gabriela Baez.
She lived here for,
like, two months.
There's got to be some sort of
list, a manifest, something.
- I tried telling you.
This is chaos.
Nobody knows anything.
- Somebody's got to know
something.
Look, I just need to know
if Gabriela was on that bus,
where she was going.
- I can't help you.
- Did Gabriela and Raquel speak
to you before the shooting?
Talk to me.
- No.
I don't talk to cops
any more than I have to.
If these people see me
talking to you,
they're gonna think
that I'm one of you.
They'll stop talking to me,
and that's not good
for their health.
- You got a albuterol in there?
- Yeah, it's for asthma.
Most of these kids have it
when they get here.
- Abilify?
- It treats depression.
- And those are both
schedule II narcotics.
So on paper, you're a
drug dealer, not a medic.
- I'm doing this for free.
You're really gonna
do that to me, to them?
- Try me.
Was Gabriela Baez on that bus?
- Yeah.
- OK.
- She was the first one
on the bus.
I tried to figure out where
it was going, and I couldn't,
but Gabriela didn't care.
It was gonna be
better than here.
This place has been hell
for her and Raquel.
- What does that mean?
- [sighs]
- Here's what I know.
I know Gabriela filed a
complaint against the police
but then retracted it.
What am I missing?
Please.
- Raquel came to me for these.
- OK, pain relievers.
Why?
- Because...
I think she had been raped.
- What?
- And the wounds
that she told me that she had,
the way that
she and Gabriela talked,
I think she was raped.
And I think Gabriela was there
and saw the whole thing happen.
And she insisted
it was consensual.
But I told her,
you need real care,
more than I can provide.
- And Gabriela tried to report
it and then retracted it.
- Yeah, they were scared.
They don't have
any legal status.
They have no power.
They have no rights.
And...
[sighs]
I suspect whoever raped Raquel
was still at
the police station.
- Because he works there.
* *
- Look, I was going
to get to her,
but we're all jammed up.
Not sure if you noticed,
but this is a tough town
right now.
We get a lot of clients.
- Not like this.
- Exactly like this, Kim.
No real mystery
why Raquel Bolivar died
after being shot three times.
- Oh, my God, just tell me
what you know, Petey.
- [sighs]
I can't confirm sexual assault.
- OK.
- There's some faint traces
of perineal tearing.
But with two months healing,
it's not there.
But she was pregnant.
- Can you tell
who the father is?
- No, I tried. Too early.
If she'd lived maybe
one more week, we could do it.
- Right.
Stop. What is that?
- Somebody put a tourniquet
on her.
- I know somebody
put a tourniquet on her.
It's--it's in the wrong place.
- Yeah.
That tourniquet goes
above the wound,
Raquel might have survived.
We see it all the time;
bystanders try to help out,
only make things worse.
- It wasn't a bystander.
- What? Who was it?
- It was a cop.
.
- This was always about Raquel.
She wasn't a random victim.
She was a target.
Alvarado raped her.
She got pregnant.
That was a real problem
for him.
So he hires Aaron Marshall
to kill her.
And when it looks like
she'll survive the shooting,
well,
Alvarado made sure
that didn't happen.
- Alvarado's an Army vet.
He's got more field medicine
training than any of us.
There's no way
he puts a tourniquet
on the wrong side of a GSW.
- Oh, sure.
Let's talk evidence, though.
- Well, we got no eyewitness
to the rape.
Don't know where it
happened, when, how.
- We have no hard evidence
Alvarado and Raquel
were in the same room.
We have no hard evidence
they ever even met.
- Find Gabriela Baez,
get her to talk.
We don't--
well, we don't,
Alvarado walks.
[dramatic music]
- Struck out in Portage Park.
En route to Belmont Cragin
right now.
- No sign of Gabriela at the
shelter in Archer Heights.
Headed to West Beverly.
* *
- If you see Gabriela,
tell her to call me, please.
[indistinct muttering]
* *
- How you doing, Kim?
- Fine.
What are you doing here?
- Oh, I'm just dropping off
some hot chocolate
at the shelter.
You know how important
those migrants are to me.
Hey, so I understand,
your team pulled
every beef logged
against every copper
at the 13th
in the last six months.
- Sure.
You know,
just covering our bases.
- I'm just--I'm curious
the strategy there.
Like, what was that about?
You had to know you were
ruffling some feathers on that.
- You seem to think
that would bother me.
- Honestly,
I'm just looking to learn.
Honestly.
- I'll see you around, Danny.
- Hey, 'cause, Kim,
you know
we found the bad guy, right?
Justice was served.
The case is closed.
[engine turns over, car starts]
* *
- [sighs]
- Last I saw,
she was back there.
- Thank you.
* *
Gabriela, it's OK.
I need to talk to you
about Raquel
and Danny Alvarado.
Hey.
Look at me.
I will protect you.
[speaks Spanish]
[clears throat]
Your English is really good.
Did you learn that in school?
- TikTok.
[speaks Spanish]
- Um, when I was a kid,
my parents
didn't really want us around
too much on weekends.
So they sent me and my sister
home with our nanny Silvia,
and she was Colombian.
- And do you still
speak with her?
- Sometimes, yeah,
Christmas and stuff.
She has this great family,
super close,
all I ever wanted.
Anyway, um,
I wouldn't speak
a word of English
till I got to school on Monday.
Silvia was also undocumented,
always looking
over her shoulder,
afraid they'd come for her
and deport her.
Gabriela, I have never
understood the idea
of an illegal human being.
[soft dramatic music]
* *
[speaking Spanish]
- [speaking Spanish]
Papers.
* *
- Kim, there are 11,000
Venezuelans in Chicago
right now, all stuck in limbo,
all seeking asylum,
all trying
to get work permits.
- OK.
- Every case is an emergency.
Call me in three months.
- [sighs]
* *
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
- Vale. Vamos.
* *
- Stop.
I'm not here as a cop.
- How does that work?
- I'm here as a customer, OK?
I need a Social Security card,
and I need a work permit,
and I need it to look good.
* *
- No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Hey, what is this? What is this?
- Step away, ma'am.
- I'm CPD. That's my witness--
- I said step away.
- My witness is on that bus.
My witness is on that bus.
- I don't care if she's
your witness or your sister.
You got no jurisdiction here,
not anymore.
- Can you tell me
what happened?
- [sighs]
The shelter found narcotics
on some of the illegals
in the church.
City's got zero tolerance
in the shelters.
[car door slams]
[engine turns over]
- Where are you taking them?
- Venezuela.
* *
.
- There is no way that Gabriela
was using dope in that church.
It was obviously planted
as a way to get rid of her.
Alvarado's still
covering his tracks.
- OK. You got proof?
On paper, our only witness
is an accused drug user
in federal custody
on her way back to Venezuela.
We have no confirmation
Raquel was sexually assaulted.
- What about the tourniquet?
- "Fog of war."
State's attorney could
never hinge a case on that.
Look, Kim.
I know you want it, so do I.
But right now, everything
we have is circumstantial.
And we just don't have it.
* *
- Wait, so you never actually
saw the drugs at your church?
OK. So you didn't call ICE?
Who did?
I know it's an anonymous tip.
I'm not asking for the name.
I need the number that was used
to call into the tip line.
[sighs]
No, I can't call back tomor--
- Hey,
brought you some coffee.
You know, maybe it's time
to take a little break.
- You had a buddy
that was detailed to ICE.
- Yeah, Paulie Marino.
- Yes.
- You want to call him?
Yeah, of course--
we never talked.
You're the best, Paulie.
- All right.
Here.
All right.
I'll get the tower pings.
- That one.
- Yeah.
[keyboard clacking]
- Oh, my God.
- Alvarado's house
in Mount Greenwood.
- Sent a copy to TACT?
- Already done.
- All right,
tell me something good.
- The tip that came into ICE
that the migrants
were using dope at the church,
it came from a burner.
That burner pinged
to the 13th District.
- Alvarado thought
he was solving a problem
by tipping off ICE.
He actually managed to create
another problem.
We traced that burner
back to a diner.
- This is footage
from the diner.
Here's two days before
the shooting on 13th.
Here's Danny Alvarado.
And there's his hit man,
Aaron Marshall.
- We're on. Nice work.
- Let's go.
[clanking]
- Your wife said
I could come back.
She's lovely.
You raped Raquel Bolivar.
- [sighs]
Jesus.
OK. Look.
I had a relationship
with Raquel Bolivar, OK?
Look, I liked her.
It was nice, all right?
But I couldn't tell anyone,
for obvious reasons.
[sighs]
She wanted to have a baby, OK?
She wanted to have
an anchor baby.
And look, honestly,
she broke my heart
in the process.
And then she died in my arms.
- You raped Raquel Bolivar,
and when she told you
she was gonna keep the baby,
that wasn't gonna be her
decision either, was it?
You think of these people as
different from you, separate.
- Me?
I--I do?
Burgess, do you--you think I
haven't done my homework, too?
I know who you are.
White savior, you--you
found your Black daughter
on the streets.
You checked that box,
good for you.
Now you're just over here
looking for a new field
to plow, man.
So this migrant thing
was just the best thing
that could have happened
to you, right?
Come on.
- We know everything, Danny.
Everything.
- OK.
What is it that you think
that you know?
- Would you like to see
the footage
of you and Aaron Marshall
at the diner on Dearborn?
Stools at the counter,
black coffee--
looked good.
Or the footage of
Aaron Marshall 20 minutes later
opening an envelope of cash
that you gave him,
his payday
for murdering Raquel.
- How many people
do you have outside?
- Five.
Got TACT in the alley, too.
- [exhales]
- You got two ways
to play it, Danny.
You can confess, plead out.
Maybe see your grandkids
one day before you're done.
But if you make me work for it,
that's solitary with
maybe one hour of yard a day
till you die.
- [sighs]
Oh, man.
Well,
there is another way.
* *
- That for me?
- It's for me.
Look...
Burgess,
give me five minutes alone.
OK? Give me five minutes
alone with my family.
Let a man hug his wife
and his children goodbye,
and I promise you...
I'll save you
a bunch of headaches.
OK?
* *
[loud clattering]
- You thought I'd let you
take the easy way out?
No.
* *
[sighs]
- [sniffles]
[grunts]
- Just sleep.
- No, no.
I want to hear everything.
Just let me put her to bed.
All right, Bumblebee,
come over here.
[sighs]
All right.
So did you find Gabriela?
- Yeah, I got her out
of federal custody.
- All right.
- And she's gonna testify.
I'm trying to get somebody
at the church to sponsor her
so she'll have a place
to stay at least, you know?
- [chuckles] Kim, you are
kind of a walking miracle.
- Adam, I used my own money,
our money,
to buy Gabriela
fake immigration papers today.
I don't even know
what I was thinking.
I just--
- Kim.
- It was never gonna work.
I just--
- Some cases,
you'll do whatever it takes.
- But these women--
Adam, these women--
Gabriela, Raquel, it's just--
They're just fighting
for the same thing
that everybody is fighting for,
you know, a home,
a family.
What we have now.
- Sure.
- And I know that
we fought like hell for it.
- Oh, we bled for it, Kim.
- No, I know, I know, I know,
but it's still--it's just--
it doesn't seem fair.
- No, I suppose not.
- Promise me
we'll keep fighting for this
because I need us, Adam.
I need this family.
[soft dramatic music]
* *
- Well, you know I will.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Yeah, yeah,
I'll keep fighting for it
for the rest of my life.
- That's nice.
* *
- I was gonna do
a whole thing here,
but, um...
this seems better.
* *
Let's get married.
Let's make it forever.
* *
- Third time's a charm, huh?
- That fit OK?
- It's perfect.
* *
.
[dramatic music]
* *
[wolf howls]